---
layout: post
title: Fantasy Football Nostalgia  
excerpt: August invokes memories of cannon ball splashes in the pool, the sound of cicadas, and of course, poring over an overpriced fantasy football magazine. For the better part of two decades, my summers have been punctuated by incessant research, with a healthy diet of magazines, the internet, and podcasts.  As NFL training camp rolls around, brain power spent engrossed with nuances of professiona
---
<p>August invokes memories of cannon ball splashes in the pool, the sound of cicadas, and of course, poring over an overpriced fantasy football magazine. For the better part of two decades, my summers have been punctuated by incessant research, with a healthy diet of magazines, the internet, and podcasts.  As NFL training camp rolls around, brain power spent engrossed with nuances of professional football somehow feels important, relaxing, and exciting all at the same time.  I've started writing again about fantasy football in hopes to further immerse myself in the world of sleepers, busts, and depth charts, a welcome reprieve from the more insidious stressors we all encounter in our daily lives.  </p>
<p> My first memories of fantasy football date back to the late 90's, where I can remember a pre-pubescent version of myself writing down a "fantasy" fantasy football team down on a notepad.  I distinctly remember jotting down Brett Favre and Barry Sanders amongst other players on my squad.  With my team now drafted I could find rooting interests in the game besides if my hometown Buffalo Bills won or lost.  This forced inclusion into the fantasy world also made me feel like was a part of very adult hobby that I observed my Dad and Uncles participating in for years.  This period in the 90's was a quaint kind of fantasy football, devoid of technology with archaic scoring systems and what would seem to lots of legwork by participants to score their games.  </p>


